13.0 website login redirect back (#619)
itpp-labs/website-addons: website_login_redirect_back/doc/index.rst

===========================
Website Login Redirect Back
===========================

Installation
============

* `Install <https://odoo-development.readthedocs.io/en/latest/odoo/usage/install-module.html>`__ this module in a usual way

Configuration
=============

> * Make sure that you have an user with ``User Type: Portal``
> * Otherwise:
>     * if you have demo data installed, use a specially created user for the test with ``Email/Password: portal``
>     * Or create a new user in the user settings with ``User Type: Portal``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you have a user with **User Type**->*Portal*. if you have demo data installed, there is a portal user with following credentials:

       * Email: ``portal``
       * Password: ``portal``

Or just create a new user with **User Type** -> *Portal*
```

Usage
=====

> * Log out from the site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Log out from the website
```

> * Go to any page of your site (only not to the main page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Go to any page of your website
```

> * Click the ``[Sing in]`` button in the caption of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click the ``[Sing in]`` button
```

* Log in as a portal user

> * After a successful login, you will be redirected to the page you were on before login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RESULT: after successful login, you will be redirected to the page you were on before authentication
```

===========================
Website Login Redirect Back

> ===========================

Reviewer: Вторая строка должна закачиваться и начинаться с пробела, а знаки = должно быть столько сколько знаков на второй строке включая пробелы
